the only person in your niche no matter
how big you get that literally replies
to
everybody even if it's just a two-word
reply if you reply to every single
comment you will be the only person of
your size or in your niche that
acknowledged that person
on the content that they watched out of
the entire day or out of the entire week
and now you've built loyalty habits
people want to do clever
titles and clever thumbnails or even
clutter video aesthetics and you don't
need
any of that all you have to do is be
clever in the fact that you show people
that you care you show people that you
respect them you show them that you're
putting them first and that you're
putting value first if you're not
building loyalty habits and you aren't
going out of your way for your consumer
your customer your viewer or your
listener don't expect that loyalty don't
whine about don't cry to me about it
don't complain
if you haven't built habits that show
there's a reason to give you that
loyalty don't complain